Tian Yao, you must be careful when you speak in a while
In case they get angry
You want to get the contract from them again
That's too difficult.
Hey guys
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Tianya, you let us
Xiaojun, why don't we go?
They are the only ones who can help you now
Do you have the heart to see the Shen family go bankrupt?
If you offend these people today
It will only accelerate the bankruptcy of the Shen family
Young Army did a good job
Zhang Zhi, that old thing, is dead
As long as you make us comfortable
I can promise not to attack the Zhang family
Zhao Shaojun
Why did you push me into the fire pit for the Zhang family?
I still believe in you so much
Tianyao, just follow them
This will not only strengthen my position
Can you solve the problem of your Shen family?
Accompany me to drink this glass of wine
I'll give you 1 million activities
Shen Tianyao
1 million a contract
Hey, hey.
It's up to you.